docs: Add env vars for sharing notification (#1850)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/environment-variables/environment-variables.md

| `N8N_SMTP_SSL` | Boolean | `true` | Whether to use SSL for SMTP (true) or not (false). |
| `N8N_UM_EMAIL_TEMPLATES_INVITE` | String | - | Full path to your HTML email template. This overrides the default template for invite emails. |
| `N8N_UM_EMAIL_TEMPLATES_PWRESET` | String | - | Full path to your HTML email template. This overrides the default template for password reset emails. |

> | `N8N_UM_EMAIL_TEMPLATES_WORKFLOW_SHARED` | String | - | Overrides default HTML template for notifying that a workflow was shared (use full path). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `N8N_UM_EMAIL_TEMPLATES_WORKFLOW_SHARED` | String | - | Overrides the default HTML template for notifying users that a workflow was shared. Provide the full path to the template. |
```

> | `N8N_UM_EMAIL_TEMPLATES_CREDENTIALS_SHARED` | String | - | Overrides default HTML template for notifying that credentials were shared (use full path). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `N8N_UM_EMAIL_TEMPLATES_CREDENTIALS_SHARED` | String | - | Overrides the default HTML template for notifying users that a credential was shared. Provide the full path to the template.  |
```
